diffusion: fix potential bias issues diffusion estimation (#409)
lumicks/pylake: changelog.md

#### Bugfixes

> * Fixed a bug in `KymoLine.estimate_diffusion()` that could lead to biased estimates obtained with the `OLS` estimator being biased when specific lags are entirely missing from the mean squared displacements of a track. This is a regression that was introduced in `v0.12.1`. For the diffusion estimate itself to be affected specific lags have to be missing from the track (for example every second point in a track).

Author: 👍

> * Added a warning to reflect that if several points are missing from a track, the uncertainty estimate is also biased. Because of this, a warning is issued. See the section on [diffusive processes](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/kymotracking.html#studying-diffusion-processes) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a warning to `KymoTrack.estimate_diffusion()` used with the `"ols"` method when several points are missing from a track. In this case the uncertainty estimate is also biased. See the section on [diffusive processes](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/kymotracking.html#studying-diffusion-processes) for more details.
```

Author: 👍

> * Added a warning that estimating the optimal number of points to use when using `OLS` can be biased if many points are missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a warning that estimating the optimal number of points to use when using the `"ols"` method can be biased if many points are missing.
```

> * Fixed a bug in `KymoLine.estimate_diffusion()` that could lead to biased estimates obtained with the `GLS` estimator being biased when gaps occur in the track. Such cases now produce an exception recommending the user to refine the track prior to diffusion estimation. See the section on [diffusive processes](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/kymotracking.html#studying-diffusion-processes) for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in `KymoTrack.estimate_diffusion()` that could lead to biased estimates obtained with the `"gls"` estimator when gaps occur in the track. Such cases now produce an exception recommending the user to refine the track prior to diffusion estimation. See the section on [diffusive processes](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/kymotracking.html#studying-diffusion-processes) for more details. 
```

Author: 👍
